
=================Lexical and Syntax Parsing==================

=========================AST Builder=========================
 
  int isInFile(string x, string y);
  int isInt(int i);
  unsigned int isUInt(unsigned int i);
  int isShort(int s);
  int isUShort(unsigned int s);
  int isLong(int l);
  unsigned int isULong(unsigned int l);
  int y(string s, string t);
  event open(int a1, int a2, unsigned int a3);
  int i;
  int ci;
  string us;
  string cs;
  string s;
  unsigned int ui;
  int ul;
  int cl;
  int l;
  double f;
  byte b;
 
  (open(int file, int flags, unsigned int mode))-->   {
    y("checking function invocation", "for open event");
    isInFile(file, "abc");
    isInFile(file, "1");
    isInt(i);
    isInt(ci);
    isInt(s);
    isInt(ui);
    isInt(us);
    isUInt(s);
    isUInt(ui);
    isUInt(us);
    isShort(s);
    isShort(cs);
    isShort(i);
    isShort(l);
    isShort(us);
    isShort(ui);
    isShort(ul);
    isUShort(s);
    isUShort(i);
    isUShort(l);
    isUShort(us);
    isUShort(ui);
    isUShort(ul);
    isLong(l);
    isLong(cl);
    isLong(s);
    isLong(i);
    isLong(us);
    isLong(ui);
    isLong(ul);
    isULong(s);
    isULong(i);
    isULong(l);
    isULong(us);
    isULong(ui);
    isULong(ul);
    isInt(b);
    isShort(b);
    isLong(b);
    isInt(f);
    isShort(f);
    isLong(f);
  };
  ;;

========================Type Checking========================
mytests/in8:34:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isInFile
mytests/in8:35:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isInFile
mytests/in8:39:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isInt
mytests/in8:42:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isInt
mytests/in8:44:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isUInt
mytests/in8:47:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isUInt
mytests/in8:49:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isShort
mytests/in8:50:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isShort
mytests/in8:54:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isShort
mytests/in8:58:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isUShort
mytests/in8:59:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isUShort
mytests/in8:60:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isUShort
mytests/in8:62:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isUShort
mytests/in8:64:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isUShort
mytests/in8:68:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isLong
mytests/in8:71:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isLong
mytests/in8:75:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isULong
mytests/in8:76:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isULong
mytests/in8:77:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isULong
mytests/in8:79:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isULong
mytests/in8:81:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isULong
mytests/in8:88:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isInt
mytests/in8:89:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isShort
mytests/in8:90:Error: Type Mismatch for argument 1 to isLong
mytests/in8:92:Error: 24 error(s) reported.
Compilation terminated.
